README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hey, I'm Vaibhav Rikhy</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software Engineer | AI• Backend • Cloud</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:vaibhavrikhy@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaibhavrikhy/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vaibhavrikhy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <em>“Building intelligent, scalable systems that merge engineering with creativity.”</em>
</p>

---

### 🧭 About Me  
🎓 **Master's in Computer Engineering** @ *Stevens Institute of Technology* (May 2025)  
💼 Focused on developing **secure backend systems** and **AI-driven software solutions**  
⚙️ Experienced with **FastAPI**, **PostgreSQL**, **Docker**, and **AWS** for production-grade systems  
🤖 Passionate about **machine learning**, **automation**, and **data-driven design**  

---

### 🧠 Featured Skills  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,fastapi,react,nodejs,postgresql,mongodb,docker,aws,tensorflow,pytorch,git,githubactions" />
</p>

💬 **Languages:** Python, JavaScript, C++, SQL  
🚀 **Frameworks:** FastAPI, React, Node.js, Express.js  
🧩 **AI & ML:** TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, NumPy, Pandas  
🗄️ **Databases:** PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SQLite  
☁️ **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda), Docker, GitHub Actions  
🛠️ **Tools:** Git, VS Code, Postman, Linux, Jupyter Notebook  

---

### 🚀 Highlight Project — [SaaS App](https://github.com/vaibhavrikhy/SaasApp)
A full-featured backend for modern SaaS platforms featuring:  
🔐 Secure JWT Authentication + MFA  
🧩 Role-Based Access Control  
🔑 API Key Management  
💎 Premium Feature Gating  
🐳 Dockerized PostgreSQL Deployment  

> Built for scalability, security, and maintainability — inspired by real-world SaaS architectures.


---

### 🧩 Featured Projects  

💳 Fraud Detection— Deep learning–based transaction fraud detection system using TensorFlow and feature-driven anomaly modeling.

🎧 Music SaaS API — Scalable FastAPI-powered SaaS backend with JWT auth, MFA, and role-based access control for music data services.

🧠 Anti-Social Online Behaviour Detection — NLP pipeline analyzing toxic or anti-social text using transformer models for content moderation.
a
---


### 🤖 Currently Working On  
💡 Building **LLM-powered anomaly detection** and **AI-based code generation pipelines**  
⚙️ Expanding **SaaS App** with GitHub OAuth, Redis caching, and microservice orchestration  
📊 Integrating **data-driven dashboards** and scalable analytics layers  
🧠 Exploring **agentic frameworks** and **adaptive AI systems**

---

Commit message:

Add Athletic Performance Predictor project description

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hey, I'm Vaibhav Rikhy</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software Engineer | AI• Backend • Cloud</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:vaibhavrikhy@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaibhavrikhy/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/vaibhavrikhy"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <em>“Building intelligent, scalable systems that merge engineering with creativity.”</em>
</p>

---

### 🧭 About Me  
🎓 **Master's in Computer Engineering** @ *Stevens Institute of Technology* (May 2025)  
💼 Focused on developing **secure backend systems** and **AI-driven software solutions**  
⚙️ Experienced with **FastAPI**, **PostgreSQL**, **Docker**, and **AWS** for production-grade systems  
🤖 Passionate about **machine learning**, **automation**, and **data-driven design**  

---

### 🧠 Featured Skills  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python,fastapi,react,nodejs,postgresql,mongodb,docker,aws,tensorflow,pytorch,git,githubactions" />
</p>

💬 **Languages:** Python, JavaScript, C++, SQL  
🚀 **Frameworks:** FastAPI, React, Node.js, Express.js  
🧩 **AI & ML:** TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, NumPy, Pandas  
🗄️ **Databases:** PostgreSQL, MongoDB, SQLite  
☁️ **Cloud & DevOps:** AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda), Docker, GitHub Actions  
🛠️ **Tools:** Git, VS Code, Postman, Linux, Jupyter Notebook  

---

### 🚀 Highlight Project — [SaaS App](https://github.com/vaibhavrikhy/SaasApp)
A full-featured backend for modern SaaS platforms featuring:  
🔐 Secure JWT Authentication + MFA  
🧩 Role-Based Access Control  
🔑 API Key Management  
💎 Premium Feature Gating  
🐳 Dockerized PostgreSQL Deployment  

> Built for scalability, security, and maintainability — inspired by real-world SaaS architectures.


---

### 🧩 Featured Projects  

💳 Fraud Detection— Deep learning–based transaction fraud detection system using TensorFlow and feature-driven anomaly modeling.

🎧 Music SaaS API — Scalable FastAPI-powered SaaS backend with JWT auth, MFA, and role-based access control for music data services.

🧠 Anti-Social Online Behaviour Detection — NLP pipeline analyzing toxic or anti-social text using transformer models for content moderation.

🏋️ Athletic Performance Predictor — ANN-based model predicting athlete metrics from TFRRS datasets for performance analysis.

---


### 🤖 Currently Working On  
💡 Building **LLM-powered anomaly detection** and **AI-based code generation pipelines**  
⚙️ Expanding **SaaS App** with GitHub OAuth, Redis caching, and microservice orchestration  
📊 Integrating **data-driven dashboards** and scalable analytics layers  
🧠 Exploring **agentic frameworks** and **adaptive AI systems**

---
